The Stay-Puft Marshmallow Font

Copyright (c) 2003 by John Stracke

Not a very impressive piece of work, but fun.  I sat down to fiddle
with pfaedit, and started seeing what I could do freehand, with
minimal splines.  The result was all rounded (not surprising), sort of
marshmallowy, and I started thinking of it as the Stay-Puft
Marshmallow Font (see Ghostbusters if you don't get it).  Once I had a
name, I felt compelled to round out the font (ISO 8859-1, at least).
The outcome looks sort of like Comic Sans MS.  It's kind of cute, and
might be good for frivolous stuff such as birthday cards.  I've used
it on my National Academy of Silly Walks merchandise
(http://www.cafepress.com/sillywalks/).

It is released under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
License (see COPYING.LIB).  Where the LGPL refers to "source code", I
take that to refer to the file called StayPuft.sfd, which is a file
for editing with pfaedit (http://pfaedit.sourceforge.net/), an outline
font editor program.  Thus, according to the LGPL, if you distribute
this font, you must make StayPuft.sfd available to the recipient(s)
under the terms the LGPL specifies for source availability.  Each of
the download links below is an archive (tarfile or zipfile) which
includes StayPuft.sfd, the LGPL, a readme, and at least one font file
(e.g., Isabella.ttf for TrueType files).  I chose the LGPL instead of
the GPL because, arguably, using the GPL might mean that PostScript
and PDF files with this font embedded would be GPLed (they're like
programs that link to a static library).

The font has ASCII, Latin-1, and a few other useful characters: left
and right quotation marks (single and double), ellipsis, long dash,
and Euro.  I don't intend to round it out as much as I did with
Isabella (http://www.thibault.org/fonts/isabella/); this is a much
less interesting project.  Anyone who wants to donate extra
letterforms is welcome, of course.
